Okay, just two first, just two,
Where is the Prime Minister’s wife on the first floor?
One is on the A floor and is given to the president.
Wouldn’t you just get the CEO’s wife?
My husband just got the CEO title and he won’t come back!
His husband is not coming back!
Quarrel, quarrel! Do I like pure autumn white people?
What do you mean? I know,
I got it to go to work, but have I ever seen Mrs. Red Film?
He wants to show you more
down down down down
You are protected by Cao Yapao and several others.
You gave up the judgment
Zhao Laojinzi, take a look
Hey, you don’t want to play?
Someone is bullying your wife
did you find it
I'm at 29 o'clock West
Hey, crying
Where did you ask for the CEO?
I'm your wife
That is, where do you want the CEO’s wife?
I want to brag about the person who bullied me, is that okay?
I want to fire you
You also have to be quite similar.
I didn’t expect you to be sweet enough to be Xiaoxun
It makes me laugh so hard. What’s your point of laughter?
You've been in a bad mood all day today
I don’t understand any company that has no proprietary relationship with the cloud.